Version 0.2.4b is now live! This is largely a bugfix patch.

    You can keep your save files for this update*

Changes:

    Adjusted boom slime explosion timing to make it significantly less likely that several of them in an area explode simultaneously.
    Add an option to completely disable gamepad/joystick input. This may prevent your camera from spinning if other solutions did not.
    Increased the range of the mouse sensitivity slider.
    Add a "Safe Mode"/"Low Graphics" mode to force the game to start up with the lowest graphics settings. Right click on the Steam library entry and select 'Safe Mode.'
    Adjusted the position of the plort market slightly.
    Splash effect now used when a puddle plort is destroyed on hitting a solid surface.
    Made the key icon on the slime gate more clear.
    Added some extra under construction signs in the world for clarity.

Bugfixes:

    Fixed bug allowing Slimes and chickens to disappear in Grotto
    Fixed bug where corrals and gardens on the ranch could sometimes be seen floating in space from far away.
    Fixed bug with formatting of the garden crop countdown text.
    Fixed bug where silos sometimes lost their contents on game load.
    Fixed bug where special characters were allowed in game names, leading to problems saving the game later.
    Fixed bug where shooting puddle plorts and slimes with water would cause them to disappear.
    Fixed bug where the range exchange offers would sometimes carry over into a new game.
    Fixed bug where footstep audio sometimes played during a jump.
    Fixed bug where several sounds were ignoring the Sound Effects audio volume setting.
    Fixed bug where the game time could be stuck in fast-forward mode.
    Fixed bug where the Emergency Return confirmation was not properly closing on Esc.
    Fixed bug where Phosphor slimes when on low graphics settings did not have wings.
    Fixed bug where Boom Rock Largos would eat fruit to transform into Tarr.
    Fixed some typos in slimepedia descriptions.
    Reduced game stutter when loading the first Slimepedia popup.
    Fixed bug where the slimepedia sometimes didn't properly unlock the initial vac and ranch pages.
    Fixed bug where controlling the view with mouse or gamepad didn't work until a button was pressed.
    Fixed bug where Tabby slimes and Tabby Largos would get stuck staring at food.
    Fixed bug where crops in gardens sometimes ripened early on game reload.
    Fixed bug where objects could end up inside the plort collector's collection box.