Changes:

    Improved gamepad handling. Please note that this required resetting all custom key/button bindings but should allow more types of gamepads to work with the game as well as eliminate issues with continual input (e.g. continual player spinning).
    Added gamepad look sensitivity options under Options|Gamepad
    The sandy area of the dry reef beyond the feral canyon is now open and has been reworked. It includes a happy little beach area where slimes like to relax. You can also access this area from the overgrowth ranch expansion.
    The ancient slime gates and their keys scattered across the range have received an art pass. A new one can be found leading to the new beach area in the reef.
    Fruits and veggies and fruit trees have received a lovely makeover and are now more visually distinct. The cuberry tree is now cube-shaped because science.
    A fancy, new loading screen has been added when loading a save game. It contains secret knowledge.
    Improved UI scaling at larger resolutions.
    Improved some UI selection highlights.
    Feral slimes now sport a grumpier look and have flashy, new effects for when they do their butt(?) stomp.
    A link to the official forums and support is now available on the main menu. Join the forums and get chatty!
    Improved chicken spawning logic in the overgrowth ranch expansion. A small number of chickens should now spawn even if you have coops filled with chickens in the overgrowth.
    The moss blanket now has a dreamy night-time tune.
    Added the ranch house radar indicator (toggle on with ‘R’ by default) in case you get lost.

Bugfixes:

    Fixed a bug where some slimes’ audio loops would continue to use resources while not audible, resulting in decreased performance for some players.
    Fixed a bug where the splat particles when a slime hit a surface could appear much darker than intended on some platforms.
    Fixed a bug where previously feral slimes would continue to chase players. We were convinced it was because they just wanted a hug, but it was just a bug.