Changes:

    Added fashion pod gadgets! Fashion pods allow you to shoot costumes on to your slimes. We'll give you a moment to let that sink in.
    Added the taming bell and refinery link gadgets. 
    Added more slime lamps and gave the amber slime lamp some happy pills.
    New icons for install/remove gadgets and remove crops.
    Changed the Fabricate Gadget screen to keep the previously fabricated gadget selected.
    Added an effect on the purchase screens to make it obvious when you make a purchase.
    Added animations to the tutorial popups.
    Added indicator to the tutorial popup when you complete the task requested.
    Changed tutorials requiring an on-ranch action to hide themselves if you’re away from the ranch for 15 seconds.
    Changed some tutorial timing and completion checks.
    Adjusted treasure pod opening effect.
    Changed the Slimepedia Vacpack tab to Tutorial and changed the entries to better mirror tutorial info.
    Added some new treasure pods to the world. One of them is amazing.
    Changed the colors of fill meters for the science resources.
    Adjusted the volume for some sounds including extractor working sounds.
    Added sound while the extractor is ready. The machines no longer dance in silence. (Whoa, that sounded way more ominous than intended).
    Strange diamonds, royal jelly, and lava dust now randomly show up as Range Exchange rewards (rarely) after unlocking Slime Science.
    Tweaked rare drop rates on extractors to be slightly less rare.

Fixes:

    Fixed bug where slimes and resources could get stuck under the ranch porch.
    Fixed bug where some purchase buttons could be pressed via a gamepad while otherwise disabled.
    Fixed an issue where Xbox One controllers on some versions of Windows 10 were not properly recognizing actions on the DPad.
    Fixed bug where largos could be fired into or carried into walls in some situations. 
    Fixed bug where slime would sometimes vibrate back and forth while trying to look a particular direction. We've switched the slimes to decaf.
    Fixed bug where the Range Exchange screen sometimes lost information at certain resolutions.
    Fixed bug where transition between far and near versions of slimes was less smooth than intended.
    Fixed bug where the red teleporter and warp depot were possible to unlock without acquiring the appropriate treasure pod.