The Storage Situation:
Do you have hundreds of echoes hovering in a corner somewhere? Maybe a few thousand Wiggly Wonderland ornaments stashed in The Grotto? The Little Big Storage Update is here to help! Ranch storage is getting a huge upgrade and it’s just in time for a little spring cleaning.

    Silos and warp depots now accept ornaments and echoes.
    Silo and warp depot slot capacity increased to a whopping 300 units (from 100).
    Silos now have 3 storage slots per side.

That’s right, we’re giving you 12 slots with the ability to hold 300 items each. You do the math!

Achievements:

    Unlinked Steam achievements from in-game achievements to better support the case of multiple people sharing a machine and playing the game on two different Steam accounts.
    Resetting in-game achievements will no longer reset Steam achievements.
    In-game achievements will no longer sync when starting a new game on Steam.
    If you earn an achievement while having only one type unlocked (in-game vs Steam), you will now see the pop-up for the missing achievement.
    Non-Rush Mode achievements will no longer be awarded while in Rush Mode.
    Updated silo achievement so you won’t need to completely fill the new silos.

Other:

    You got a raise! Mochi will now pay you 200 newbucks for every 10 quicksilver plorts you deliver.
    Added some flashy effects to the Nimble Valley countdown animation.
    Added an intro animation to the start of Rush Mode.
    Added a pinch of pizzazz to the end animation for Rush Mode. (it’s much more than a pinch tbh)
    Coins dropped in the world are snatched up and pocketed much quicker now.
    Created an innovative game save mechanism that can see through space and time to prevent confusion when ranchers time travel or access their ranch on different machines.
    Made it so the map tutorial will be completed immediately upon opening the map to complete the map tutorial.
    Updated some Russian in the Russian translation.

Fixes:

    Fixed a bug where names of items stored in the vac wouldn’t translate when selecting a different language.
    “Fixed” the snooze button on the ranch alarm clock so Beatrix won’t be able to sleep past 6:00AM.
    Fixed a treacherous spot in the Glass Desert where you could get stuck.
    Fixed a part of Mochi’s Manor where you could get stuck before you opened the expansion barrier.
    Fixed a spot in the Nimble Valley where you could get stuck.
    Fixed bug where radar icons would sometimes shake while moving. At least it wasn’t getting stuck!
    Fixed bug where the vac would jitter while moving.
    Fixed a bug where very sneaky ranchers were able to sneak quicksilver plorts off of the Valley using a sneaky arrangement of warp depots and silos.
    Fixed some bugs related to the Tabby Space Program where tabby slimes were attempting to rocket to the moon.
    Fixed a bug where fire slimes would (tragically) bounce (out of their troughs) with excitement when they saw Beatrix return to the ranch.
    Fixed a bug where the incinerator could destroy glints. They will no longer fight fire with fire.
    Fixed a bug where Mochi’s Manor icon was not appearing on teleporters.
    Fixed some quicksilver slime sounds so they now sound like quicksilver slimes.